Added missing git ignore file (#5446)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/config-guide/prod/config-reference-gitignore.md

  - Setup
---

> We include a base .gitignore file with the Magento Community Edition project repository. See the latest [link to the latest Magento `.gitignore`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/magento/magento2/2.3/.gitignore). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We include a base `.gitignore` file with the {{site.data.var.ce}} project repository. See [the latest Magento `.gitignore`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/magento/magento2/2.3/.gitignore) file. 
```
